Improve wording in docs about Jupyter Notebook (#1949)
jupyter/docker-stacks: docs/using/common.md

However, switching back to the classic notebook or using a different startup command is still possible.
You can achieve this by setting the environment variable `DOCKER_STACKS_JUPYTER_CMD` at container startup.
The table below shows some options.
Since `Jupyter Notebook v7` `jupyter-server` is used as a backend.

| `DOCKER_STACKS_JUPYTER_CMD` | Frontend         |
| --------------------------- | ---------------- |
| `lab` (default)             | JupyterLab       |
| `notebook`                  | Jupyter Notebook |
| `nbclassic`                 | NbClassic        |
| `server`                    | None             |
| `retro`\*                   | RetroLab         |

Notes:

- \*Not installed at this time, but it could be the case in the future or in a community stack.

> - Any other valid `jupyter` command that starts the Jupyter Server can be used.

Author: ```suggestion
- Any other valid `jupyter` subcommand that starts the Jupyter Application can be used.
```
